All 50 miles of the young master's listing are blocked.
You can do whatever you want.
The master just sent a message and is compensating for the adult's inability to come
It's up to you
What adult?
My legs are broken
You haven't made time to come and see me
Why arrest us?
Want to know what's going on?
Ah!
Who are you provoking?
I don't know.
It must have asked you to hand over the shares before.
You hold a grudge
They found these faucets to scare us.
That's not true.
I don't have it, grandpa
Tell me how much you want.
We are the major shareholders of Qingcheng Group
It's no problem to come up with tens of millions
Otherwise, I want you to look good.
Oops you immortal
This is Luo Shangluo, the son of the fifth master
An alluring group does shit
Hahaha Dragon Tiger Lord
This is Longhai City
Underground handle
The real emperor?